README.md, before:

# Run and deploy your AI Studio app

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:**  Node.js


1. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
2. Set the `GEMINI_API_KEY` in [.env.local](.env.local) to your Gemini API key
3. Run the app:
   `npm run dev`

## Run with Docker

This project can also be run using Docker containers.

**Prerequisites:** Docker and Docker Compose installed.

1.  **Create `.env.local`:** Copy the example environment file and add your API key.
    ```bash
    cp .env.local.example .env.local
    ```
    Edit `.env.local` and replace `"inclua aqui sua chave api"` with your actual Gemini API Key.

2.  **Make scripts executable:** Give execution permissions to the startup and cleanup scripts.
    ```bash
    chmod +x start.sh cleanup.sh
    ```

3.  **Start the application:** Run the `start.sh` script. This will build the Docker image (if necessary), start the containers, and open the application in your browser on ports 5010 and 88.
    ```bash
    ./start.sh
    ```

4.  **Clean up:** To stop and remove the Docker containers and images, run the `cleanup.sh` script.
    ```bash
    ./cleanup.sh
    ```

Commit message:

feat: Implementar sistema completo de análise de processos com backend e correções de infraestrutura
### Principais adições:
- **Backend Express.js**: Servidor para salvar notas e gerar documentos ODT
- **Sistema de notas**: Funcionalidade completa para salvar análises de tarefas
- **Geração de ODT**: Conversão automática de markdown para documento ODT usando Pandoc
- **Interface aprimorada**: Botões para salvar notas e gerar documentos

### Correções de infraestrutura:
- **CORS configurado**: Resolvido bloqueio de requisições cross-origin
- **Nginx otimizado**: Configuração com tipos MIME corretos e headers de segurança
- **Docker multi-serviço**: Container único executando frontend e backend
- **Scripts de inicialização**: Correção do start_services.sh

### Arquivos novos:
- server.js: Servidor backend Express com endpoints /save-note e /generate-odt
- nginx.conf: Configuração otimizada do Nginx com MIME types e segurança
- start_services.sh: Script para inicializar Node.js e Nginx no container

### Dependências adicionadas:
- express: Servidor web backend
- cors: Middleware para CORS
- pandoc: Conversor de documentos (Alpine package)

### Melhorias no frontend:
- Botões para salvar notas em cada tarefa
- Botão para gerar documento ODT consolidado
- Feedback visual com toast notifications
- Interface mais intuitiva e responsiva

### Docker e DevOps:
- docker-compose.yml: Configuração completa com mapeamento de portas
- Dockerfile: Multi-stage com Node.js, Nginx e Pandoc
- Volume para persistência de notas
- Logs estruturados e debugging melhorado

README.md, after:

# Run and deploy your AI Studio app

This contains everything you need to run your app locally.

**Choose one of the following methods to run the application:**

## Run Locally

**Prerequisites:**  Node.js


1. Install dependencies:
   `npm install`
2. Set the `GEMINI_API_KEY` in [.env.local](.env.local) to your Gemini API key
3. Run the app:
   `npm run dev`

## Run Services Directly

This project's backend services (Node.js server and Nginx) can be run directly on your host machine using the `start_services.sh` script.

**Prerequisites:** Node.js and Nginx installed and configured.

1.  **Set environment variables:** Ensure you have the necessary environment variables set, including `GEMINI_API_KEY`. You can set these in your shell or use a `.env` file loaded by your application.

2.  **Make script executable:** Give execution permissions to the startup script.
    ```bash
    chmod +x start_services.sh
    ```

3.  **Start the services:** Run the `start_services.sh` script. This will start the Node.js server and Nginx in the background.
    ```bash
    ./start_services.sh
    ```

## Run with Docker

This project can also be run using Docker containers.

**Prerequisites:** Docker and Docker Compose installed.

1.  **Create `.env.local`:** Copy the example environment file and add your API key.
    ```bash
    cp .env.local.example .env.local
    ```
    Edit `.env.local` and replace `"inclua aqui sua chave api"` with your actual Gemini API Key.

2.  **Make scripts executable:** Give execution permissions to the startup and cleanup scripts.
    ```bash
    chmod +x start.sh cleanup.sh
    ```

3.  **Start the application:** Run the `start.sh` script. This will build the Docker image (if necessary), start the containers, and open the application in your browser on ports 5010 and 88.
    ```bash
    ./start.sh
    ```

4.  **Clean up:** To stop and remove the Docker containers and images, run the `cleanup.sh` script.
    ```bash
    ./cleanup.sh
    ```
